FEATURES:

  (done) Use Require.js and build loading system.
  - Focusing when clicking on a tile.
  - Loading indicator/screen for tiles.
  - tile.hoverout property & tile.onHoverout() method.
  - Drag & drop within a tile w/scrolling.
  - Add error handling to the bind system.
  - Add auto re-binding of events to models that get replaced within the option system..

BUGS:

  - Sometimes when you drag, the drop-zone cover appears below the tile being dragged.
  - Dragging and dropping out-of-zone sometimes looses a tile.
  - Dragging or closing a tile at the bottom of the screen sometimes causes dash issues.

  (fixed) When dragging, sometimes the bottom tile disappears at the beginning of the drag.
    I'm pretty sure this was caused by the same parent binding problem as the issue below.

  (fixed) After dragging a tile, if you move it, it becomes the size of the full screen.
    This bug was the unforseen consequence of refactoring the option object.  When I rebuilt
    the way it handles setters and getters, I eliminated the target property of the schema
    because it was encapsulated within the setter/getter closure.  Well, the target property
    can't be removed because it's how we know what schema options to unbind when detaching from
    a parent.  Since there was no target, parent bindings weren't able to detach, and tiles
    that had been dragged were keeping their bindings to the root node. Hence, when modified,
    these tiles would mark their old parent, which in the case of a dragged tile was the root node, 
    and were being positioned by the root while being a child of a resizer tile.

  (fixed) After dragging a tile, if you drop something into it, the dropped tile disappears.
    I think this had to do with the resizer pruning bug I just fixed, because I'm not 
    seeing the problem any longer.  I doubt it had anything to do with dragging and dropping.
    I was able to fix the resizer pruning bug by deferring the pruning until after all changes
    have completed.  Pruning was an issue because it was pruning tiles before I had time to
    re-insert a tile into them.  By deferring the pruning, I'm able to manipulate the tree
    without worrying about pruning at all.

  (fixed) Widgets rendering three times on startup.
    The change/render system had some redundancy in it.  I was able to ferret out the
    redundant calls to render, and fixed the problem.

  (fixed) Dragging something off-screen causes the screen to scroll.
    I was able to remedy the situation by setting the body position to fixed.  This
    caused the body background to disappear until I set it to fixed as well.  What doesn't
    make any sense is that the old dash didn't set the body to fixed positioning, yet it
    still doesn't scroll when dragging.  Not sure why that is.


